docs: Documentation on steps to access debug-pod (#888)
coreos/fedora-coreos-pipeline: docs/debug-pod-access.md

# Multi-arch Pipeline debug-pod:
This document contains the background infomation and steps to access the debug-pod for multi-arch builders.

## Introduction to debug-pod:

A debug-pod inside the Fedora CoreOS Pipeline and RedHat CoreOS Pipeline sets up a session on a remote multi-arch builder and then creates a tmux session that can be re-attached to by the user.

## Why use a debug-pod?

Team members would need access to multi arch builders for debugging failed tests and developing new features. A debug-pod would be helpful to operate at such instances. 

## Steps to request a debug-pod:

> - User requests a debug-pod in Jenkins > The user may access debug-pod job in Jenkins and start a build by provisioning the parameters - 'stream', 'arch', 'cosa_img' and 'timeout' value. The timeout is set to be 8 hours by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- User requests a debug-pod in Jenkins:
    - In the Jenkins UI start a `debug-pod` job and set the parameters - 'stream', 'arch', 'cosa_img' and 'timeout' value. The timeout is set to be 8 hours by default.
```

> - After the build is triggered, this job spins up and starts a remote session on the builder of the user's chosen architecture and sets up the cosa environment and enter into a sleep state within a minute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After the build is triggered, this job spins up and starts a remote session on the builder of the user's chosen architecture and sets up the COSA environment.
```

> - The user would be able to access the pod that was created using 'oc' CLI or Open shift web interface. The pod created could be identified using the prefix "debug-pod" followed by the "username".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The user would be able to access the pod that was created using 'oc' CLI or Open shift web interface. The pod created could be identified using the prefix "debug-pod" followed by the "username".
    - for example: `oc rsh pod/debug-pod-username-ppc64le-cf5af868-bvx3s-d5df4`
```

> - The user could access the terminal of the running pod and enter "tmux attach" which would open a session with two panes. The top pane would be a ssh shell on the remote builder and the bottom pane would be a cosa shell in a remote session. The arch requested would be displayed in the cosa shell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After accessing the terminal of the running pod entering "tmux attach" will open a session with two panes. The top pane will be a ssh shell on the remote builder and the bottom pane woill be a COSA shell in a remote session. The arch requested would be displayed in the COSA shell.
```

## Reference links to access debug-pod

> - FCOS Pipeline:
>   Jenkins: https://jenkins-fedora-coreos-pipeline.apps.ocp.fedoraproject.org/job/debug-pod/
>   Openshift console: https://console-openshift-console.apps.ocp.fedoraproject.org/k8s/ns/fedora-coreos-pipeline/core~v1~Pod

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- FCOS Pipeline:
    - [Jenkins](https://jenkins-fedora-coreos-pipeline.apps.ocp.fedoraproject.org/job/debug-pod/)
    - [OpenShift Console (pods)](https://console-openshift-console.apps.ocp.fedoraproject.org/k8s/ns/fedora-coreos-pipeline/core~v1~Pod)
```

> - RHCOS Pipeline:
>   Jenkins: https://jenkins-rhcos.apps.ocp-virt.prod.psi.redhat.com/job/debug-pod/
>   Openshift console: : https://console-openshift-console.apps.ocp-virt.prod.psi.redhat.com/k8s/ns/rhcos/core~v1~Pod

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- RHCOS Pipeline:
    - [Jenkins](https://jenkins-rhcos.apps.ocp-virt.prod.psi.redhat.com/job/debug-pod/)
    - [Openshift Console (pods)](https://console-openshift-console.apps.ocp-virt.prod.psi.redhat.com/k8s/ns/rhcos/core~v1~Pod)
```

## Steps to request a debug-pod:

- User requests a debug-pod in Jenkins: 
    - In the Jenkins UI start a 'debug-pod' job and set the parameters - 'stream', 'arch', 'cosa_img' and 'timeout' value. The timeout is set to be 8 hours by default.

- After the build is triggered, this job spins up and starts a remote session on the builder of the user's chosen architecture and sets up the COSA environment.

- The user would be able to access the pod that was created using 'oc' CLI or Open shift web interface. The pod created could be identified using the prefix "debug-pod" followed by the "username".
    - for example: `oc rsh pod/debug-pod-username-ppc64le-cf5af868-bvx3s-d5df4`

- After accessing the terminal of the running pod entering "tmux attach" will open a session with two panes. The top pane will be a ssh shell on the remote builder and the bottom pane will be a COSA shell in a remote session. The arch requested would be displayed in the COSA shell.

## Reference links to access debug-pod

- FCOS Pipeline:
    - [Jenkins](https://jenkins-fedora-coreos-pipeline.apps.ocp.fedoraproject.org/job/debug-pod/)

>     - [Openshift Console(pods)](https://console-openshift-console.apps.ocp.fedoraproject.org/k8s/ns/fedora-coreos-pipeline/core~v1~Pod)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [Openshift Console (pods)](https://console-openshift-console.apps.ocp.fedoraproject.org/k8s/ns/fedora-coreos-pipeline/core~v1~Pod)
```
